# Chapter 453

“You fucking baaaastards!”

For a moment, it felt as though a cold wind had swept through.

Or maybe my shout had simply been loud enough to feel like one.

Probably the latter.

Whoooosh.

Dozens of people who had been scrambling for silver nyang froze, and silence fell over the noisy main road.

Then one short command broke the stillness.

“I’m counting to three.”

“……?”

“Fall in.”

“……!”

Give a dog three years at a village school and it can recite poetry. Beat it for long enough and it can memorize the Four Books and Three Classics.

That was why the village-school dog—or rather, Hyuk Mujin—who had been conditioned by a year of my violence and profanity moved faster than anyone else.

“Faaall iiiin!”

Screaming his acknowledgment, Hyuk Mujin came running and stopped dead in front of me.

A beat later, Gung Gibang grasped the situation and used his movement technique, arriving almost simultaneously with Hyuk Mujin. As for Cheongpung…

“Jeonbyeong! Please hurry with the jeonbyeong! Benefactor is angry!”

That sibu-leol bastard. He was still making sure to get his snacks.

Once they had been wrapped, Cheongpung raced toward me like a streak of light. I spoke to him gently.

“Take your time. I’m not angry.”

“Wow! Really?”

“Yeah. I’m not angry. I’m fucking pissed.”

“Ah, ah…”

I looked at the fidgeting Cheongpung and the other two, who were subtly avoiding my gaze.

*When the hell are these bastards going to become human?*

They should have been squeezing out every last ounce of strength to reach the Zhuge Clan, yet here they were using martial arts to pick up a few silver nyang.

Gung Gibang had even snatched silver nyang right out of other people’s hands. At this point, he was no beggar. He was a bandit.

*Life, for fuck’s sake…*

I’d gone to such lengths lately to improve employee benefits, and this was what I got.

I looked up at the clear sky and spat into my palm.

“Hyuk Mujin. Stick out your forehead.”

“Pardon?”

Hyuk Mujin jerked his head up, looking incredulous.

“Just me?”

“Yeah. You first.”

“What about Young Hero Gung?”

“He’s a beggar down to the bone. Honestly, it’s hard to criticize a beggar for picking up silver nyang.”

“An accurate and wise judgment.”

Gung Gibang, who had been watching my mood, cut in solemnly. Hyuk Mujin shot him a vicious glare.

“What do you mean, ‘wise judgment’? You get angry every time I call you a beggar.”

“Me? What nonsense. I’m a beggar from head to toe. I was born a beggar, and I’ll live as one until the day I die.”

“……You really are a goddamn beggar.”

“Thank you for the compliment.”

“Gung Gibang, you beggar bastard.”

“Ah, how sweet.”

After glaring at Gung Gibang as if he wanted to kill him, Hyuk Mujin spoke again.

“What about Young Hero Cheong?”

“Cheongpung is Cheongpung.”

Huashan or whatever, Cheongpung had always been like that.

That one sentence said it all. Hyuk Mujin muttered,

“That makes no sense, but somehow I understand…”

“People are watching. Let’s get this over with.”

“How many?”

“You tell me. How many blows will it take for you to reflect on your actions?”

“Then… one?”

“Three.”

“Damn it. Understood.”

“You cursed, so five.”

“……Just hit me ten times. Beat me to death.”

“Bonus points for such resolve, worthy of a martial artist. So, one blow. How many?”

“One!”

Hyuk Mujin shouted his answer and thrust out his forehead.

That was when it happened.

“You there. Stop.”

“……?”

I lowered my hand and turned around.

The main road had gone deathly silent. Ten men and women seated in four-bearer palanquins were staring at us with a mixture of displeasure and interest.

All of them wore lavish clothing that flaunted their immense wealth, but one young man stood out in particular.

He was the one who had just spoken.

“I stopped. Why?”

The young man’s eyes widened at my question. He blinked for a while, as if unable to believe what he had heard, then let out a quiet laugh.

“It seems you do not know who this Young Master is.”

“Do I need to?”

“What an arrogant bastard!”

The young man wasn’t the one who said that.

I watched as a man kicked off from one of the palanquins and shot into the air.

*What’s this now?*

Whoosh, clang!

The sparrow-eyed man performed three somersaults in midair before landing and drawing his sword, his eyes blazing with fury.

The onlookers gasped at the flashy display.

“You appear to be a wandering martial artist, but as if causing a disturbance in broad daylight were not enough, you dare address a person of noble standing with such insolence—”

“You’ve got a lot of jewels on that thing. Are they supposed to distract people?”

I stared at the sword. Dozens of jewels of every kind gleamed in the sunlight.

“What?”

“They’re dazzling. Put it away.”

Clang!

The sparrow-eyed man’s eyes bulged.

Unable to withstand the force of my finger flick, the sword flew from his hand, spun through the air, and buried itself deep in the ground.

“Who the fuck points a sword at someone like that? In broad daylight, no less.”

*Oh, look at him throwing a fit.*

He was probably somewhere around First Rate.

He seemed to have trained hard enough, but he was an insufferable poseur.

“T-this bastard…!”

“And you were the ones making all the noise. I just quieted things down. Don’t make this any more complicated than it needs to be. Just leave, all right?”

I meant it.

It wasn’t as if I’d never had a fly or two buzzing around me before. This wasn’t my home, and I was only passing through. There was no reason to spray insecticide on every mosquito that came at me.

Better to wave them away and keep going.

But no matter how sincerely you tried to explain something, there were always people who failed to understand the first time.

Shing, shing-shing!

Dozens of sword blades flashed from every direction. Martial artists from Qingxia Hall, dressed in blue silk martial uniforms, surrounded us in layer after layer. The sparrow-eyed man’s earlier panic gave way to smug satisfaction.

“You seem to be a fairly well-known wandering martial artist. Kneel and beg forgiveness while you still can. Who knows? Perhaps the Young Master will mercifully spare you.”

I glanced over the sparrow-eyed man’s shoulder. Led by the young man who appeared to be their leader, the others were watching us with sparkling eyes.

They looked exactly like zoo visitors watching monkeys.

“I don’t think the people over there are feeling particularly merciful.”

“What?”

“Of course, neither am I. And from what I’ve learned, this is the most effective medicine. Isn’t that right?”

I raised my fist, and the Bermuda Triangle, who had been watching my every move, responded enthusiastically.

“Exactly. They won’t come to their senses until they’ve been beaten like dogs on a midsummer day.”

“I was the first one to take that medicine. Cured me on the spot.”

“Benefactor, can I go buy dumplings while you do that?”

“No. Stay there. This’ll be over soon anyway.”

Step.

“W-wait!”

The moment I stepped forward, panic filled the sparrow-eyed man’s eyes.

A third-rate street thug wouldn’t know his opponent’s level and would charge in out of sheer stubbornness. But this man was a martial artist who had attained a certain degree of skill.

He had clearly realized that neither he nor the Qingxia Hall martial artists serving as an ornamental backdrop were any match for me.

“W-we’re Qingxia Hall!”

“Yeah. So?”

“H-have you never heard of Qingxia Hall’s reputation?”

“Nope. My hearing hasn’t been too good lately.”

Step.

“Stop! I said stop!”

“Ahem.”

By then, the sparrow-eyed man wasn’t the only one getting desperate.

The Zhuge Clan retainer, who had been clicking his tongue as he watched, cleared his throat and spoke.

“I will explain the situation, so perhaps it would be best if you stopped—”

Whack! Thud!

“Pardon? Did you just say something?”

“……”

The Zhuge Clan retainer looked back and forth between me, standing there with my fist clenched, and the sparrow-eyed man, who lay unconscious with his nose crushed.

He muttered awkwardly,

“I said it might be best if you stopped…”

“Pardon?”

“There may be various complications…”

“Pardon?”

“It would be wise to avoid any unnecessary conflict…”

“What was that?”

“……Never mind.”

“Ah. All right.”

I wiped the blood from my fist on my trouser leg and looked around.

Gung Gibang was muttering that he’d known the man would end up like that, while Hyuk Mujin beamed at his unexpected reprieve.

And Cheongpung…

“Hey! Where do you think you’re going?”

“Gasp! Benefactor!”

Was that bastard seriously trying to buy dumplings right now…?

Cheongpung was silently inching away. Watching his retreating back, I began to wonder if he was really human.

*I’m definitely catching that bastard.*

I stepped forward with grim resolve. The ornamental guards surrounding us sucked in their breaths and moved aside.

But they weren’t the only Qingxia Hall martial artists present.

“Ha-ha-ha! How amusing. Truly amusing. Don’t you agree?”

At the young man’s laughing question, the four huge men carrying his palanquin answered in unison.

“Yes, my lord.”

“We cannot simply let the honored guest who gave this Young Master such a laugh leave. Do not worry about me. Go and escort him here.”

“Loyalty!”

Their shout rang with internal energy. The huge men set down the palanquin and charged toward me with the speed of the wind.

The mere palanquin bearers revealed themselves as formidable Peak masters. They claimed all four directions as they closed in.

Whoooooosh!

Each threw a punch carrying fierce qi, the four strikes interlocking with exquisite precision.

Thud-thud-thud-thud!

Exactly four impacts sounded.

Four bodies hit the ground face-first with all the momentum of their charge.

None of them got back up.

“What the sibu-leol…?”

“……!”

“……!”

“……!”

Complete silence descended over the main road.

I nudged the unconscious giants with my foot, then shrugged at the young man. The corners of his mouth, which had been raised so high moments before, were now trembling.

“Interesting. Very interesting. Don’t you all agree?”

The Zhuge Clan retainer put a hand to his forehead, while Gung Gibang and Hyuk Mujin nodded mechanically.

“This is the most fun I’ve had in all my thirty years as a beggar.”

“Captain, I laughed so hard my belly button fell off. I can’t see where it rolled, so I’m still looking for it.”

“Right. In times as bleak as these, how could we simply let the man who gave us such wonderful entertainment leave? So…”

I pointed at the young man.

“Grab that bastard by the collar and escort him over here.”

“Loyalty, loyalty!”

“I give up. Whatever happens, you’ll deal with it yourself.”

Hyuk Mujin, desperate to avoid even a single blow, threw himself into the task with greater enthusiasm than anyone else. Gung Gibang stepped forward as well, despite his grumbling.

The situation had completely reversed.

Once even their trusted guards were defeated, the men and women of Qingxia Hall began shrieking at the tops of their lungs.

“Y-you bastard! Do you know who I am?”

“You wretched scoundrel! How dare you defy the laws of the Great Nation!”

“If you lay a hand on me, do you think my family will stand by and do nothing?”

I had only meant to grab one of them, but apparently they were a set. The rest came attached.

I turned to the first one who had shouted.

“Who are you?”

“I am the Young Bureau Head of the Daejuksan Escort Bureau…”

“Oh, Juksan Escort Bureau?”

“So you do know us!”

“I don’t, you sibu-leol bastard. Get down before I beat you into juk.”[^1]

They might have thrown their weight around in Hubei Province, but if I’d never heard of them, they were nobodies.

I continued quietly.

“Get down now, and I’ll only destroy the palanquin. Refuse, and I’ll destroy your legs along with it. What’ll it be?”

The Young Bureau Head of the Daejuksan Escort Bureau widened his eyes and answered,

“I’ll get down.”

“You should’ve done that from the start. Why are your eyes so wide?”

“I’m sorry. If I don’t do this, I think I might cry…”

Ah. That was understandable.

After putting him in his place, I turned to the sharp-voiced woman.

“What family did you say you were from?”

“H-hmph! No matter how much of a scoundrel you are, surely you’ve heard the name of the Hyungmun Sword Family!”

“Never heard of it. Stop talking nonsense and get down.”

“……!”

“Next. Where are you from?”

“I-I’m from the Eungseong Merchant Association…”

“Eungseong, Eung-shit, whatever. Get down unless you want me to beat you until you crap yourself.”

“Yes, sir.”

After two or three of them climbed down from their palanquins, the rest quietly followed before I could even ask.

All except one.

“So, who are you?”

Every trace of laughter had vanished from the young man’s face. His eyes gleamed coldly.

“You have crossed a line you should never have crossed.”

“Looks like you’ve crossed your lifeline too. So who are you?”

“Heh. What a ridiculous situation.”

The young man let out a hollow laugh, then proclaimed in a dignified voice,

“I, Ju Wongong, am a noble scion of the dragon’s blood and a third cousin of His Imperial Majesty the Emperor! If you understand the gravity of your crime, kneel at once!”

“Okay, Celestial Dragon.[^2] Get down.”

“……!”

[^1]: *Juk* is Korean rice porridge, continuing Taekyung’s wordplay on “Juksan.”
[^2]: The privileged World Nobles in *One Piece*, infamous for treating ordinary people as beneath them.
