# Chapter 193

The Fire Gate Clan’s sacred treasure.

The moment that unfamiliar phrase left the Fire King’s mouth, the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s eyes widened as though they might split apart.

“W-what do you mean?”

“You’re not even seventy, and your ears are already clogged? I’ll say it one more time, so listen carefully.”

Jeok Cheongang jerked his chin toward me, looking irritated.

“This old man entrusted our sect’s sacred treasure to that brat. Do you understand?”

“…”

“…”

*What do you mean, do I understand?*

I looked around in bewilderment. Everyone, including Jin Wikyung and Baek Museong, was staring back and forth between Jeok Cheongang and me in shock.

Amid all this chaos, the only person unaffected spoke up.

“Benefactor, what’s the Fire Gate Clan’s sacred treasure? Show me too.”

I couldn’t answer Cheongpung’s question.

*I don’t know either, you little shit.*

The Fire Gate Clan’s sacred treasure? What the hell was that?

I swore I had never heard of or seen any such thing.

The only things I had received from Jeok Cheongang were the Flame Divine Palm manual and a sword…

*Wait.*

“Could it be?”

Jeok Cheongang clicked his tongue at my questioning look.

“You’ve been carrying it on your back this whole time and still didn’t know? What a moron.”

I felt as if someone had struck me in the back of the head with a hammer.

I hurriedly untied the knots holding it firmly in place. As I unwound the layers of cloth, an old, crude scabbard emerged.

*The Unnamed Sword.*

The very thing Jopil had stolen from his Master, only for me to take it from him.

I gripped the hilt and pulled.

*Shing.*

With a sound that made every hair on my body stand on end, the pure-white blade slid free.

It shone in the surrounding darkness like some holy sword from legend, drawing gasps from the crowd.

*So this really is… the Fire Gate Clan’s sacred treasure?*

Until now, I had never once questioned it.

Why Jopil had stolen it from Jeok Cheongang. Why, unlike the Flame Divine Palm or the Blazing Flame Divine Pill, it bore the strange description *Unnamed Sword*.

I was staring blankly at the blade when—

“T-this is impossible!”

It was the Roaring Fury Swordsman. Unlike him, overwhelmed by shock and agitation, Jeok Cheongang was perfectly calm.

“What is?”

“T-that…”

“This old man entrusted the Fire Gate Clan’s sacred treasure to that brat. Even with a head full of nothing but shit, surely you understand what that means.”

That snapped me back to my senses.

I had been so absorbed in the sword that I had momentarily forgotten what it meant for a sect’s sacred treasure to be entrusted to someone—especially the treasure of the Fire Gate Clan, whose lineage had been passed from one person to the next for hundreds of years.

At the same time, Cheongpung’s words from barely half a day ago flashed through my mind.

*“Aren’t you trying to take Benefactor as your Disciple?”*

At the time, I had dismissed it as ridiculous nonsense and laughed it off.

But now…

*Fuck. I have no idea.*

As I swallowed dryly, the Roaring Fury Swordsman thrust a finger at me.

Before he could speak, however, Jeok Cheongang’s terrifying gaze locked him in place.

“This old man said he entrusted our sect’s sacred treasure to him.”

That was all.

But the man speaking was none other than the Fire King.

The Roaring Fury Swordsman had no courage left to argue. He chewed on his lip, then suddenly glared at me.

“You bastard. You’re lucky.”

*Why is this old man starting shit with me again?*

Jeok Cheongang said nothing. Did he expect me to handle this much on my own?

I shrugged at the Roaring Fury Swordsman.

“You’ve got the wrong man. I’m actually really unlucky.”

*If I were fucking lucky, would I have met a piece of shit like you?*

The situation had been a hair’s breadth from exploding when Jeok Cheongang appeared, so I wasn’t sure whether to call it great misfortune or great fortune.

“Anyway, it was nice meeting you. Have a safe trip home.”

“You cunning bastard. Why don’t you try what you did earlier?”

“What I did earlier? Oh, you mean when I said it was fucking bullshit?”

Before the Roaring Fury Swordsman could respond, I bowed my head.

“I apologize for that. I’ve never been able to tolerate injustice. Please forgive a slip of the tongue from a junior far beneath you. Great. Hero.”

“…!”

The Roaring Fury Swordsman trembled. Blood dripped from his tightly clenched fists.

Looking at him, I saw myself from only a few minutes earlier. The difference between us was that I had refused to submit to the Roaring Fury Swordsman, while he had submitted to the Fire King.

Those who wielded power knelt before even greater power. Being reminded of that fundamental truth of the world wasn’t entirely satisfying.

If anything, it left me bitter.

*This leaves a bad taste in my mouth.*

If Jeok Cheongang hadn’t been here, the humiliation and fury that man now felt would have belonged to me and the Jin Family of Taiyuan.

If a few of the people here joined forces, defeating the Roaring Fury Swordsman himself wouldn’t be difficult. But the Zhongnan Sect stood behind him.

I hated admitting it, but the gap between us and them was vast. For now, it was a gap we could never bridge.

*For now.*

I had been a perpetual F-rank Hunter, yet I had still made it this far. No one knew what the future held.

Maybe one day, the Jin Family of Taiyuan would stand shoulder to shoulder with the Nine Sects and One Gang and the Five Great Families.

*Okay, am I getting a little ahead of myself?*

It was like the head of some rural township running for President.

I let out a quiet laugh at the thought, and the Roaring Fury Swordsman ground his teeth.

“How dare you laugh at me?”

“My face just naturally looks like it’s smiling.”

“Shut that mouth of yours!”

The instant his furious shout rang out, Jeok Cheongang’s right foot shot forward like lightning and slammed into the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s shin.

A shin kick from a Supreme Peak master.

*Thud!*

“Guh!”

“You shut up. How dare a young bastard like you raise his voice in front of an elder?”

“What do you think you’re doing?”

“Look at this bastard. I tried to end things nicely, and now you’re asking for a beating?”

*Wham!*

“Urgh!”

*Wow. That one really landed.*

With an even duller impact than before, the Roaring Fury Swordsman clutched his shin and collapsed.

*Even an Elder of the Great Zhongnan Sect is helpless against him.*

The man was over sixty and held a lofty position, but his opponent was simply beyond comparison.

Age, martial arts, status—there was no catching up to the Fire King, Jeok Cheongang, in any of them.

“Carrying on like that is a disease. You’ve done enough, so get the hell out of here.”

“…Very well.”

The Roaring Fury Swordsman glared resentfully at me as he rose, his body covered in dirt. Then Jeok Cheongang’s cold voice followed.

“And I will let today’s events pass, so you will never speak of this matter again. Do you understand?”

*I really should start a fan club.*

I had acted on impulse, but the truth was, I had been worried. If the Roaring Fury Swordsman later used the Zhongnan Sect to retaliate, the Jin Family of Taiyuan would have no way to stop him.

But with Jeok Cheongang mediating, that changed everything.

*Though I’m not sure whether to call this mediation or a threat.*

Resentment over what had happened today would remain, but at least he wouldn’t be able to bring official pressure against us.

Even if he did, having the Fire King as a sturdy shield took a great deal of the pressure off.

“Why aren’t you answering?”

The Roaring Fury Swordsman’s face twisted horribly now that his little scheme had been seen through. Jeok Cheongang, of course, couldn’t have cared less.

“Say it yourself. Right now.”

“…Understood. I swear it on my name.”

“What name do you have worth staking? Swear it in the name of the Zhongnan Sect.”

“Grrk… Understood.”

Only then did a satisfied smile appear on Jeok Cheongang’s lips. He chuckled and patted the Roaring Fury Swordsman on the shoulder.

“Where did a young bastard like you learn to grind his teeth like that? Maybe I should yank out every last one of them.”

“…”

“Hohoho! But this old man is getting on in years. I couldn’t possibly do such a thing in front of all these people. Hahahaha!”

I had never known that the laughter of a snow-white-haired old man could be so terrifying.

Not only the Roaring Fury Swordsman, but everyone listening flinched at once.

Jeok Cheongang, who had been laughing like a fiend, turned to me.

“You’re not blameless either. Whatever the circumstances, how could you hurl such abuse at an elder so far above you in age? Are you out of your mind?”

I immediately bowed my head. Whatever else had happened, that much was true, and I also thought it was time to settle matters with the Roaring Fury Swordsman, an Elder of the Zhongnan Sect.

“I’m sorry.”

“Even if he shoved all those years up his ass, he’s over sixty. He’s old enough to have a grandchild your age.”

“…Ah. Yes.”

“No matter how much of a bastard he is, he’s still your elder and a great Senior of Murim. No matter how filthy and unfair it feels, you must show him the proper respect from now on.”

“Great Hero Song, I sincerely apologize.”

When I straightened from my deep bow, the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s face was flushed scarlet.

Even after receiving an apology, he probably didn’t feel as though he had gotten one.

Meanwhile, despite apologizing to someone I hated, I felt as refreshed as if I had just finished circulating my qi.

*Is this what comes with age?*

Just look at those verbal skills, honed over a hundred years.

His martial arts weren’t the only thing at Supreme Peak. At this point, he could change his title from Fire King to Tongue King.

Having personally overseen the entire settlement, the Tongue King declared in a stern voice,

“All right. Now all the uninvited guests can get the hell out. If you’re hungry, have a bowl of rice before you go.”

Now he was openly treating them like beggars.

The Roaring Fury Swordsman trembled with humiliation. It was a long while before he finally spoke.

“…Then we will take our leave.”

“I won’t see you out.”

“Let’s go!”

As though he had been waiting for those words, the Roaring Fury Swordsman spun around. Gong Ilhyuk and the other two members of the Three Hands of Zhongnan, their faces twisted into ugly grimaces, followed him.

Scorching gazes pursued the four men’s backs. Just before stepping through the main gate, the Roaring Fury Swordsman suddenly turned and stared at me.

A thread of Sound Transmission filled with killing intent reached my ears.

—*I don’t know what connection you have with that old man… but as long as I draw breath, I will punish you and the Jin Family of Taiyuan.*

It all happened in the briefest of instants.

The Fire King watched the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s back melt into the darkness, his expression unreadable. Then he tossed out a single remark.

“I’ll step out for a while.”

“Yes? Where are you going?”

“At my age, do I need to report every time I go take a piss?”

With that gruff reply, he disappeared with a bowlegged gait.

* * *

Once he was a good distance from the Jin Family of Taiyuan, the Roaring Fury Swordsman suddenly drew his sword and swung.

*Whoooosh! Boom!*

Dozens of streams of Sword Energy sliced through trees and shattered rocks. After venting his fury for quite some time, he finally turned it on the Three Hands of Zhongnan, Gong Ilhyuk included.

“You damned idiots…”

“E-Elder.”

“Do you know what kind of humiliation this old man suffered because of you?”

“I-I’m sorry. Please forgive your foolish Disciples.”

The Three Hands of Zhongnan froze.

Gong Ilhyuk was the most terrified of them all. If he hadn’t incited the Roaring Fury Swordsman to come to the Jin Family of Taiyuan, none of this would have happened.

“E-Elder, please calm down and hear me out.”

“I turned a blind eye a few times because you’re related by marriage to my Junior Brother, the Sect Leader, and now it seems you’ve forgotten your place.”

*Clench!*

The Roaring Fury Swordsman’s gaunt hand closed around Gong Ilhyuk’s throat.

“Guh… I-I’m the Sect Leader’s…”

“Do you think my Junior Brother, the Sect Leader, would so much as blink if this old man punished the likes of you? You worthless piece of trash.”

Gong Ilhyuk’s face went deathly pale.

Then—

*Thump. Thump. Thud.*

His body went limp, his head lolling to one side. The other two members of the Three Hands, who had been frozen with fear, also crumpled helplessly to the ground.

“W-why did these bastards suddenly…”

Momentarily confused, the Roaring Fury Swordsman turned his head. He stared into the darkness before speaking.

“Do you still have business with me?”

“Why else would I have come looking for you?”

Along with that calm voice, a small old man emerged.

The Fire King, Jeok Cheongang.

He clicked his tongue as he looked at the fallen Three Hands of Zhongnan.

“Tsk, tsk. Seems I ended up saving those bastards without meaning to. Maybe I should have come a little later.”

“Why have you come back?”

“It’s been so long. It seemed a shame to let you go just like that.”

The Fire King smiled faintly and added,

“There was also something I forgot.”

“Something you forgot? What do you mean…”

At that moment, Jeok Cheongang’s figure vanished like a phantom.

At the same time, Sword Energy erupted from the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s waist.

*Sh-sh-sh-sh-shk!*

A dense net of Sword Energy spread across a three-jang radius, ready to slice through flesh and bone the instant anything touched it.

But the big fish had already swum against the current and escaped the net.

“I told you earlier. Don’t touch so much as a hair on that boy’s head.”

*Crack!*

The sword hilt dropped from the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s hand. His wrist broken, he screamed and drove his knee upward.

“Gyaaah! You fucking old bastard!”

“When will you finally learn to act like a human being?”

At the same instant, a palm shrouded in pure-white flame pressed against the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s chest.

*Boom!*

“Guh…!”

An unavoidable palm strike.

His Body-Protecting Qi shattered, and his flesh and bones seared. He vomited blood and sank to his knees, his eyelids trembling.

“Cough… F-Flame Divine Palm…”

“Raise your head and look at me.”

The old man’s voice was so cold that it belied his title of Fire King.

The Roaring Fury Swordsman barely managed to lift his head and found himself staring into a pair of eyes where blue ghostly flames flickered.

“F-Fire King.”

“That’s right. This old man is the Fire King.”

He had briefly forgotten just what kind of monster the Fire King, Jeok Cheongang, truly was.

Jeok Cheongang had spent only one year of his entire life active in Murim. Yet a single battle had made him a legend and carved his name into Murim history.

He was an opponent the Roaring Fury Swordsman could never hope to resist.

Deep despair settled over the Roaring Fury Swordsman’s face.

“Are you… are you planning to kill me?”

“If killing you could put an end to everything, this old man would have done it long ago.”

“Then…”

“Remember just one thing.”

The Fire King slowly parted his lips.

“You may kill Jin Taekyung. You may even wipe out the Jin Family of Taiyuan, and I will stand by and watch. But if that happens, I will go to the Zhongnan Sect.”

“…!”

“I will smash the Zhongnan Sect’s signboard and burn Mount Zhongnan. If you abandon your main sect and flee, I will hunt you down to the ends of the earth and kill every last one of you. Until the day I draw my final breath.”

The Roaring Fury Swordsman’s entire body trembled beneath that terrifying killing intent.

Jeok Cheongang meant every word. He was declaring that he would take on the Zhongnan Sect alone.

If that ever happened, there was no telling how many lives would be lost.

“W-what am I supposed to do?”

“The choice is yours. The punishment that follows is mine.”

Leaving only those words behind, Jeok Cheongang vanished without a trace.

It was a long while before the Three Hands of Zhongnan finally awoke. They jolted in alarm when they found the Roaring Fury Swordsman sitting there in a daze.

“E-Elder!”

“What happened?”

“Who in the world did this?”

A very long time passed before the Roaring Fury Swordsman finally spoke.

“We’re going back. To Zhongnan.”

His voice was steeped in terror, and the Three Hands of Zhongnan could say nothing.
